---
layout: post
title: Meeting July 8th, 2015 
categories:
- blog
---

We are very excited to announce our next meeting. This meeting will take place at John Jay College of Criminal Justice on July 8th, 2015 at 6:30 PM. We will meet on the 6th Floor of the New Building and from there we will guide you to the classroom where this meeting will take place. The agenda is very simple.

* The following presentations will take place: 
    
    **Infosec Program Management by Pedro Peralta**
    
    Many folks are acquainted with the technical aspects of information security but don't know what it's like to do security at a large company. Pedro will facilitate an open discussion around some non-technical challenges when trying to implement large scale security processes . He'll pull from his experiences in patching all the things, managing user proxy policies, leading a working group with non-technologists, and oversight of security testing.
    
    **Legal Considerations For Cybersecurity Research and Penetration Testing by Cesar Vargas**
    
    Cybersecurity involves actions that can be considered criminal, therefore, it is very important that individuals doing research or penetration testing are aware of the laws that can affect such actions. This talk will give you a basic overview of these laws by using a few case studies from the real world. 

* Round table discussions:
  * We want to provide a platform to discuss issues related with Cybersecurity and Digital Forensics. This round table discussion is intended to provide you that platform where we can freely engage in conversations that can benefit the whole community.

We hope to see you there!!